Create :CodiNew and :CodiSelect (#149)
metakirby5/codi.vim: README.md

- `Codi!` deactivates Codi for the current buffer.
- `Codi!! [filetype]` toggles Codi for the current buffer, using the provided
  filetype or the buffer's filetype.

> - `CodiNew filetype` create a new scratch buffer with Codi in it.
> - `CodiSelect` open a select menu and create a new scratch buffer of the
>   selected filetype with Codi in it. Only available on neovim.

Reviewer: Small formatting nits:

```suggestion
- `CodiNew [filetype]` create a new scratch buffer with Codi in it.
- `CodiSelect` opens a select menu and creates a new scratch buffer with the
  selected filetype and Codi in it. Only available on neovim.
```
